# FactorioLab Export

This mod exports Factorio data to a JSON file and icon sprite sheet that can be used by [FactorioLab](https://factoriolab.github.io).

## How to use

1. Install the mod, and load a save file or start a new game.
1. You should see messages in the console indicating data export is beginning, and when complete.
1. Open [FactorioLab](https://factoriolab.github.io), and in the Game selection, choose "Custom".
1. If you have not used "Custom" before, you will be prompted to load files. If you have already loaded files before and wish to load new custom data, open Settings and click "Select custom data".
1. In the dialog, click "Choose Files", and navigate to your Factorio script-output folder. Select the `data.json` and `icons.png` which have been generated by this mod.
1. Confirm by clicking "OK" in the dialog. You can now calculate based on your custom mods!

## Known issues

- Icons may be scaled incorrectly and even overlap one another in the sprite sheet.
  - Factorio's [LuaRendering.draw_sprite](https://lua-api.factorio.com/latest/classes/LuaRendering.html#draw_sprite) method does not support generating icons at a specific size, only a specific scale.
  - If mods use different icon sizes than the base game, a common and otherwise supported use case, FactorioLab Export has no way to account for this.
  - See [this post](https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?t=115116) in the Factorio Forums post for more information.
- Some properties unused by vanilla objects are not yet supported, including
  - Recipe-specific maximum productivity
  - Recipe-specific emissions multiplier
  - Recipe-specific allowed module categories
  - Technology beacon distribution effects
  - Unlock space location effects
  - Unlock space platforms effects
  - Mining machine resource drain percent
  - Quality item durability (e.g. quality science durability)
  - Quality custom upgrade probability and next level (these are assumed to be 10% and in order of level)
